The highest omega ratio while it's on the yes side or no? What am I missing? I think the confidence score is confusing me.  Um, okay, so, I'm I'm like 3 versions of this, so let me review what what that said, so we're on the same page. The last one, sorry. Oh, good.  Actually, let me get a glass of water. I'll go that. You know, I'm gonna do the same thing.  Oh. Oh, shit. All right.  What? I started working at four. Hmm?  A slide? I started working at four, and so I'm tired. Oh, my gosh.  Yeah, I just got up, I couldn't sleep, you know? I was so excited. I'm like, I have one day left to get this deck done.  Bring her ready. I have the exact same feeling about this. I haven't worked before, or I didn't wake up before, but You worked later.  I stopped working for him. So. Yeah.  Same thing. All right, go ahead. Okay.  Oh, yeah, yeah, sorry, sorry. Oh, I just have some pumpkin seeds, so if you see me chewing, that's why. Yeah.  Um, okay. So this takes top 20 holder holders of each side. It gives, it goes through their entire history.  For that category, gives them an omega ratio. And then you, you pretty much, all this does is average the omega ratio of the people on the one side and the other side and then you, you judge the differential. Right, tells you which side is the smart money.  So that's like the stupid, easy, like, that's the, like, most simple version of this that we could do. And then I was like, what if we, we could probably make this way, way smarter. So, like, for one, that's interesting, but I would be interested to know what the average return per trade is for each of those wallets.  Because then you'll basically know Who's a better, better? Because you can be You can just follow the crowd and make money, but if you're early, you make like, it strikes me that if you're late, you make 5%. But if you're really early, you make 5 X. Right?  So far, I haven't read Geminis, but I was really impressed with clods. I told it just like, since we're working on this, 1st principles, I want you to like think about this from scratch. And like, if you were to design a system knowing all these metrics, what would you do?  GPTs, I'll show you. Okay, by the way. Got a little bit of a refresh on that.  Oh, hey. On the UI. Oh, that is dude, I have to tell you.  Seriously, on that last that last screen. Where? here?  Like, yeah. Yeah. Looking good?  Pretty good. Yeah. It's pretty clean.  Yeah, I'm trying to think what maybe the only thing I would do there, just so I'll mention it, quick, go back, is, um, Dashboard? Sure. You see where it says +25.8% versus capital deployed?  Yeah, that should be green or some indicators, yeah. But otherwise it looks killer. I yeah, I also didn't put that much time into it today either.  I just, I was like, this is this is closer to what we're looking for. So I... put that blanket on all of the all of the pages we had. Um, yeah.  Okay. Okay, so um, yeah, let's not focus on that. All right.  Okay, so let me show you Do you want to see something nuts? Can you see my screen? Yeah.  I'm at 80% weekly usage. What happens? Do you get stopped?  Luckily, it ends it resets tomorrow at 9 PM. And they lose money on this, don't they? So much fucking money.  So anyway, I just I got an alert. It was like, your limits are closed. I was like, goddamn.  Like, you now have to operate on a haiku. If I if I were doing the stuff of API off of like API costs, I would be broke. Could you use haiku?  I could. And would it work? I don't trust it yet.  For database, 4.5s, 4.5 is a ready garbage database. I don't want to take a step down. Yeah, yeah, yeah.  Interesting. Okay. Okay.  Anyway, I mean with its response, okay? Let me find it. It's, like, the worst user experience to work in the terminal ever.  Oh, I know. Every time you do it, it's stress, you know. Where is...  Okay, but this is super, this was super, super good and interesting. Okay. Okay.  My brain's hit. Oh, shit, um, okay, this got cut off. Um, but it essentially, it named 4 things.  Starting with a 40% weight on calibration quality. So calibration quality, um, where was its explanation of that? Right here.  So, across 10 bets, at 60% confidence, it won 6 of them, meaning it was right on 60% of those trades. So it's confident, it's calibration was spot on. Yeah.  Um, so 8 bets at 85 uh, 80 to 85% confidence. celebration or complex. Right. Yeah.  Okay. And then if they're doing 20 bets at 60% confidence and they won 40% of them, that's not very well calibrated. It's like, it's a way to calculate their, um, like their risk.  Uh, if they're if they're winning according to the risk of the um, of the trade itself. Because they could have 100% win rate and they're only squeaking 5% out. Right?  So I thought that was an interesting metric. Yeah, yeah. So it's 40% calibration score.  Then 30% weighted by precision factor. How sharp is their edge? Um...  Yeah, so just get lucky. You bet against consistence when you bet against consensus. Um...  Let me think about the implications about them. That's a huge joke. Don't get me wrong.  If someone bets against consensus 100 times and they win 90% of them, that's extraordinary. Since we know consensus is usually right, then... This would be a super rare thing, I guess, is what I'm meaning at.  So it prefaced this, it got cut off. I wish it didn't, again, horrible experience. But, um, Something really good that it said was, You would rather have a weatherman that said that, like, is able to calculate the probabilities right and say, ah, 70% chance of rain, 30% chance not.  And then instead of like 90% 10 when it wasn't clearly like, um, calibrated right, but it said, um, shoot, where was I going with that? I just lost my turn of thought. Um...  Not sure if it's their edge. Fuck, I totally lost my train of thought. Um.  Shit. Ting. I lost it.  I can't, it'll, it'll come back to me. Oh, oh, um, it had to do with them being on the other side of a bat, because we can see their in their enters into positions and then their their exits. Oh, I remember it.  Okay. Sorry for babbling. It said, in prediction markets, there's 2 important things.  Information advantage, and stacking prob and calculating probabilities correctly. So that's what the 1st one is calculating probabilities correctly. They're taking the appropriate amount of risk at the appropriate at the appropriate time.  The people that are getting 100% of the things right and making a crazy ROI, maybe you're doing that, but most likely they have an information advantage. Yeah. So this would score both of those things into one into one score.  Um, I haven't can I just say something one thing before I move forward? Yeah. I don't like weighted systems.  Because it introduces a variable where you all of your criteria are right, but if you get your waiting wrong, the whole thing is wrong. I much prefer to calculate all of these independently and either stack them and say it has to be this, this, this, and this, this. Or don't necessarily do that.  But just show me all 4 of them, and I can make the decision to say, these 3 matter more to me than the, the, the against consensus win ratio, because I know that's such a rare metric anyway. Like person. Like there might be one way all on one side that's like clearly gonna win everything.  But all the other ones on the on the in the 20 bring the weight down because they're they're not as smart as the other one. Right? Yeah, and I would also just mention, like, the strategies are different.  So if we calculate the against consensus win ratio and filter down the wallets that have a greater than 90% win rate in against consensus bets, As long as the liquidity is, like, $100,000 a week or something even. We should just do that because you can 5X your money all the time. Like, I totally just do that.  I'm gonna bet you there's like really, I'll bet you there's maybe a 100 while it's that are actually hit that criteria, right? More. Because you have to, you have to be, because we know the crowds are pretty good at guessing.  So, like, you have to be an insider. And the market has to be super wrong. Mm-hmm.  And I just feel like that happens not super often. You know? Mm.  I take that back. It actually probably happens more often than I think because, for example, take the political example. or a player injury report or something. There are people who know, a few hours before the thing happens.  And it's not uncommon to, like, oh, Trump's gonna... Do this tariff, and he just doesn't. That probably happens all the time, or, like, this player surely isn't injured, but the doctor knows he isn't injured.  That doctor's just like freaking making bank. Oh, also say, like, I think right now, there's the least amount of insiders than there poss- than there ever will be. Because people don't even know they can make money on the information that they have right now.  Like, uh, an ER doctor who, like, you know, the president or somebody important comes in, right? And it's like a hush hush to the world, but they're like operating on this person, right? If you're in the operating room and you know, oh, shoot, this is a world leader, like this can have implications.  Most people in that room right now aren't thinking like, how do I capitalize on that? But like, well, you'll start thinking about information differently when you know prediction markets are a thing and you have an account. They also kind of have to, like, go to their desktop to do it, but when the polymarket app has 500000000 users, they're just gonna be freaking doing it all the time.  Yeah, and like, you know, air traffic controllers, they're like, oh, like all the planes stopped. So here we go. You know, like there's there's there's so many jobs that like they don't even know they have special information at this point in time. going to be useful.  Yeah, so we know that the volume of markets is gonna explode. The volume of events is gonna explode. The volume of users is gonna explode.  The amount of money the users are betting is going to explode and the number of insiders is going to explode. And the ratio of insiders is going to increase. It's still gonna be small because there's only so many insiders.  But they will cover the entire map of potential categories. Yeah, yeah, yeah, totally. Totally.  Okay, let's go to the next, so that was... You have calibration score, you have against consensus score. Here's conviction alignment.  One sec. When they're right, do they hold with conviction when they're wrong, do they exit early? Strong information, hold winners for resolution, weak information, paper hand cell early.  This separates informed traders for momentum traders. I would agree with that. So why don't we just say, um, Old to resolution?  or not... ratio? Yeah. I don't love the conviction.  Maybe we call that the conviction ratio or something. Yeah. Dude, all of this is literally, no one's done before.  We need to publish the statistics humble up, dude. Also? It would blow anybody's minds if we were just talking about this per wallet, but we're talking per category and I'm sorry, I'm sorry.  Not just per category, but I haven't told you, but like, we have it per tag. Define tag, sorry. sorry Tag would be not just tech. tech is category. Tag would be open AI.  Tag would be Google. Tag would be Trump. Tag would be.  You did a semantic map of all, like, you extract, is that? No, no. So that's why it was so hard is like, so you have events and events have categories and tags.  Oh, they do have tags in API. And then you have Marcus, and you can't grab categories or tags from the Markets API. So you need to grab both the events, and then the markets, and map them to the events, and then you can do the wallets, and then you map them to the markets, which are map to the events. political.  It'll have Trump as a tag. If it's a Trump thing. Yes.  Yeah. So, we can do this not just on a category basis, but on a tag basis, which is like raise the. And this is how we find the open AI insiders.  It's literally, it's so easy, but first, this is, and that's different, by the way. That's for scoring the top things. This is a different score for ongoing, highly quality markets.  I think we should go with these 2 strategies, though. Um, but yeah, it's it's like... Okay, so, uh, conviction alignment.  Uh, when they're right, you read that one. And then last sample confidence. Uh, do we have enough bets to trust this wallet signal?  Did they get lucky 3 times or are they lucky 50 times? in a row? Which is hard because it doesn't take into account insiders.  So I said this. What would I call? Brilliant.  You had, you just identified the Fiddle Fun in my design. Uh-huh. Okay.  One sec. So there's the insider and the expert? I would like to do this, what we're talking about here.  I'd like to do this a little bit differently, if you don't mind. Sure. I would like to break this, like, more systematically.  So, Let's talk about the trader types. So if we had to create labels in the database for them, we would say insider, Momentum Trader, Um, contrarian. Yes.  What else? Let me, um, insider? Uh, swing trader?  you say swing trader? I said momento. Oh, momentum totally works.  Okay, Insider Momentum Trader. Oh, I'm gonna say swing. Yeah go ahead.  What were those three? Ararians, meaning insider. Uh, I would say like probability expert.  Like somebody that knows, um, like if it's 60%, they go with it. Okay. That's a great point.  Because multiple, a single trader can have multiple tags or multiple labels. Super, what about Super Forecaster? Like, would that not be contrarian?  Or, okay, Super Forecaster would be right early. Right, early. Okay.  Super forecaster. love that Can you send me that list? Yeah, just uh, do we have any that we're missing here? Um, that's why I want you to send me the list.  Oh, yeah, I got you. Yes. Texting, too.  Claude has all of my contacts. It's a pretty good partner when it has everything you've talked about. I don't know, I don't know.  So I want to get these right, and then we can talk about the metrics and ratios that we need, because I think we need a lot more than this, basically. Because I could see us having, like, 50 strategies, and it's okay, by the way, for one strategy to make you a lot of money, but have a lot of volatility where another strategy has, like, no volatility that makes you less money. You know what I mean?  Yeah. Because I think we're gonna need to hunt liquidity. I've been thinking about this a lot.  Like, I really, it's a good problem to have, but I think we may get into the position where we're trying to hunt liquidity and use, like, less efficient strategies just to get more liquidity, you know? Mm hmm. And no ultra thing was, like, a...  Oh, yeah. Rainbow thing. Oh, it's that's kind of new.  Ultra think is like a command for it. So you can go think hard or ultra think, and ultra think, choose up way more tokens, and I always use it because it makes it way better. So.  Oh, by the way, I realized that you could make Asian, uh, projections as a skill in Claude Code now. Nice. Cool.  Yeah, cool. Well, that is going. This is what Gemini said.  One sec. Oh, wait. Is that I did the right thing?  Sorry. Oh, by the way, is this your, um... Freaking, uh, Cascadian account?  No. Oh, okay. What?  Because I paid for Gemini through your cascading account as well. So technically, you don't have to double pay if you don't want to. Oh, cool.  Um, would I do my email? No, I... No, you have to use your Cascadian email.  Yeah, my ca- okay, my cascading email, not yours. Okay Like, I think if you just go into your cascading email and you open up a new tab and you type in, like, Gemini, it'll just log you into Gemini. Okay.  Yeah. So, quick ideas. Here, um...  This is, if you were to think, from 1st principles, this would, uh, GPT said. And these the labels for the traders? No, no, that's that's still running.  This is a different... Okay. Wallet edge score.  Is this one likely to be correct in this exact type of bet, and are they beating it? Betting with conviction? So, are they correct in the category, or the label type of bet, and are they betting with conviction?  What does that mean, they're betting with conviction? Conviction is, they were correct. Uh, like, and they didn't sell.  Oh, right, right. So skill storm, skill score, category resolution accuracy. That's what you wanna know.  Category, resolution, accuracy. Or even label resolution accuracy. Either way, you know.  Whatever. Resolution accuracy is the term, I think, that we were looking for. Yeah, yeah.  Ooh, I like that. Held past 24 hours, because they don't even, even someone who is right isn't necessarily going to hold to resolution. If it gets to 98, they might just exit, right?  It doesn't mean that they were wrong. Right. So I think holding past 24 hours is a killer.  And it was the right position. to hold. Yeah. Hey, Google, turn the lights on.  Compare the price they entered at versus what actually resolved. If they enter, yes, at 30 cents, and yes, results true. That's a high information entry.  They enter 95 and no results false, same idea. Yeah, yeah, yeah, brewer style calculations, yeah. I like the Sortino omega ratio thing, just like, um, that's a proxy for their ability to calibrate risk, right?  Is Sharp, how is Sharp ratio different from Sardino? Sortinia, use crypto as a good example. So we know across like 5 years, Bitcoin has gone, if you zoomed out, it goes up, right?  But in between, there's a bunch of volatility, right? So sharp ratio takes the upside volatility and the downside volatility together. Okay.  Oh, okay. So it would, okay. It penalizes Bitcoin for having downside dogs.  Got it. And sharp ratio is bad for Bitcoin because it penalyzes upside. Right.  Right. You don't want to polize upside. I don't.  So with Tortino ratio. So when somebody is bragging about having a good sharp ratio, it's that they're really good at risk management. Yeah, it's just also the industry standard.  Yeah, because most people aren't betting on asymmetric long-term assets, so they don't Sortino won't matter to them, because they won't have a lot of upside volatility generally, right? But, like, if you've got a 10 to one upside to downside volatility on Bitcoin and a 13 to one on Solana, then Solana is it's literally a better bet, because even though it might be a tiny, like, 13 to one. one, it might have a little more downside, it's the 13 is asymmetrically better than Bitcoin in this context. Yeah.  So in the case of prediction markets, we don't want to penalize upset volatility, just generally. Like, um, upside being profitability. Um, Omega ratios different because it takes, It's like the ratio of winds versus losses.  Generally across time, I don't think it's a volatility metric, is it? You'd have to look... No, it's just, it's wins loss. is my understanding of it.  Yeah. Well, it's like a different You can have, you can use both tortino ratio and omega ratio in conjunction. They're useful together.  Mm-hmm. Okay. And we can keep reading this or we can jump to the, uh, the, things that it came up with.  Let's do the things and then we'll go back to these guys. I hack it. I already wrote 5 other tricks.  This is very interesting. All right, insider, privilege, super forecaster, calibration, profit, early and right, profit. That, that ass.  That is super cool. I wanna be a prophet, dude. Sniper Precision.  Talk to me about what your interpretation of the cyber one is. Minor cloths. Do they give you definition?  Uh, let's see. Oh, yeah. Sniper.  Mhm. There we go. Okay.  Weights for perfect information. Okay, so they're basically like, they, they are misprices. Right.  Yeah, when news comes out. Yeah. Cool.  Okay, profit, right, early when everyone else is wrong. which is different from contrarian, because that doesn't have the time and the time advantage, right? It's also saying the profit holds the resolution, which, uh, can, we can adapt these to say they hold a certain amount of time. But yeah.  Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you're right. Um, 'Cause a contrarian could literally just be the egg man. Right.  Right. Um, okay, the Kind of different, but because they bet on things that are likely to happen early. I thought that's on things that are unlikely.  That, it's, it's likely for it to not happen. Likely for it to not happen. I could, yeah.  Okay, the quant. Systematic models, data driven, mini bets, high frequency, consistent bed sizing, color criteria, diversified across many markets, regular positions. I do think high frequency trader is probably a good one.  Small edge mini bets. Yep, I think that's super good. What the next one?  The contrarian. Dates overreaction, buys fear. Consistently bets against strong consensus, enters when market is wrong, holds through volatility, high variants, big wins and losses, win rate, 55%, but huge gains wouldn't ripe.  That's interesting. Okay. Dude, by the way, imagine you score the right side and the left side, the yes and the nose, and it's like contrary, contrary, contrary, or like insider, insider, insider.  And it's just tagging them. You're like, well, obviously there's like 10 insiders and there's 0 insiders on the other side. Like, what am I gonna do?  Yeah. Um, The basing update, updates released, optimally with new information. Just positioned as new information arises, multiple entry sections, position size increases with conviction wins by adapting fashion on the market.  Okay, that's fine. Um, I love that. There's all into formulas.  That's super cool. Yeah, yeah, I'd have to think through how. These are formulas we can just put on our tables and then we can create these tags.  Yeah, yeah, yeah. totally. Yeah, I'd have to think true how much I trust them, but we could, like, I would whittle them down until it's only the ones that we fully agree with and understand. Yeah.  Uh, the market maker tag is super important. Love that. Yep, the volatility trigger.  Okay, contrarian play versus, related markets, arbitrages, which trades multiple related markets, simultaneously, enters within minutes of each other. Hedges, exposure across correlated outcomes, winds by locking improbable. Okay.  And then momentum technical trader, frequent trading, doesn't hold on resolution, profits from volatility. I think some of these, like, The holding to resolution thing, it could screw us because they might hold the resolution. It just might, it just might resolve and it might close their, close their position anyway.  Right. If they just trade trade the momentum until the end, that's totally a thing. So, like, The thing is, we have both.  We have both, like, um, That's, again, that's just a metric where we can say today, like, did they sell to resolution or did they hold? Then, yeah, we can, so that's just a formula. Yeah, yeah.  Okay, keep going. I read the moment from Chaser one. It basically followed the herd, the panic seller.  Paper hands, cells on the next, and physicians quickly, cells, wedding positions, early high term. Okay, cool. Um, The gambler agent.  Oh, the whale, capital size can move markets. Oh, yeah, we should tag whales 100%. Yeah.  Um, And then the gambler, many small bets, lottery seeking, no consistency. Dude, clods of wind rate thing is totally just made up. The bot, Sibyl.  Where? Um, uh, 16. I'm on 16.  Identical patterns across multiple wallets, millisecond precision timing. Oh, so they're just saying it's a bot, okay? The overconfident loser.  I think there's both consistently wrong. The social trader trades correlated with Twitter Discord of Winter Post. We can't.  Yeah. No, I know what you know. We get into the bad... special categories, the hedger...  Turkey is on the risk. I'm not liking anything except 15. You know what I would say?  I would have Claude redo this, and I would say, give me 20 labels, but... you can only use... polling market, like, API data and wallet data. So it eliminates all these other variables that we don't have the data for, you know? Uh...  Give me 20 labels. Let's ask for 10. Okay.  Me. The best 10, actually, the most useful. I like the manipulator one.  Um... And make sure they are able to be kept. By the metrics.  Should we say the ones that we like? We're just... I'll just skip with that.  So. No, I think I wanted to rethink about it. Okay, so once we have the labels for the traders, then let's move on to the, um, the score.  I, I think it's useful to have like a, a single composite index score. I agree with you. But I also think it's useful to have a category like asymmetric waiting score for Omega or whatever we use for that.  And then, like, her label and then per trader and the type of trader and the freaking wind rate portrayer and the profitability in ROI. I'm starting with so that we can get something working, categories, and then we can do these tags and stuff on the categories to do tags that's like another day or 2 to like go through it, but I want to get this working with categories. Plenty complicated.  Yeah, yeah, yeah. Mm. Shit.  Oh, uh, I calculated the taxes. Oh okay. So if we, if you put $100,000 in any, for example, just for easy math, like a round number, and you compound it at 5% a week, in the state of California, you would pay...  $2.5 million in Texas, I think. For, sorry, what? How much would I make?  I don't know what the total you would make would be, like, $6 million, but you pay $2.5 million in taxes. Something like that. That sucks.  So, I will be... I will be not paying that. I'll be I will be moving my domiciled residency to another state if that actually was to be a thing.  I might just have to suck it up. Like for breeze, for breeze, for her to. You can just create a trading.  You just create a trading entity and pay corporate taxes. Okay. Like, so for in your case, what I would recommend is like we created trading entity in Nevada or Wyoming.  Okay. Then or Texas. And then we keep all, you and I put our money in, it keeps trading it.  We pay ourselves the salary out of it if we want to, I guess, but you have to pay taxes on that. Otherwise, the money stays in the corporate entity. Oh.  Okay. You know? You pay corporate taxes on it, but they're going to be a lot less than capital gains and income taxes in the state.  Okay. That's interesting. Did it, like Nevada is a good example because you can, legally, if you domicile it there and you get sued, you're gonna have to go to court in that state.  So you would want to be able to, like, you can easily just pop up to Vegas, right? Yeah. That's the thing.  I don't want to freaking live in Nevada, though. Screw that crap, no. Okay.  Here we go. Nope, that's not it. I forgot.  Top 10 calculatable trader personas. Insider? Okay.  Got that one. Super forecaster. We like that one?  Yeah, love it. Domain specialist. Domain.  One second. I like that. Um, I guess...  Yeah, okay, cool. It's not doing like the, um, okay, strong in their category detection. The thing is, we're doing this for everybody, so I don't know if I like that one actually.  But I guess it only trades in one category. Or they only win in one category. Sure.  But then, if it's if we're giving the same score for all of them, I don't see how that's necessary. Right? What do you mean, the same score?  So, like, we're gonna be looking, we're gonna say tech, insider, tech, contrarian, tech, whatever. If they're already getting the tag for tech, then you wouldn't say tech domain specialized. I'll get it.  I get you. Yeah, we can do it. Yep.  Not on that one. contrarian. Yep, that's fine. Yeah.  I did I skip one? Sniper. Profit, sniper, that's fine.  Profit? Yep. The whale.  Yep. Overconfident loser. Yeah, sure.  Momentum chaser. Yeah. Swing trader.  Yeah. I think you also need, um, the one that I feel like you're missing. There's one I feel like you're missing here.  Manipulator? Oh, uh, the bot. You wanna, you wanna tag bots?  Um, the manipulator. And the, um, Gambler panic seller? Yeah, those those would be good.  What about the um... Like the person who's, like, the probability person who's, like, right? Um, quant, ergo?  Yeah, what do you call that? I guess you could say like the quad, but basically, like, they're not just right about picking the right answer. They're right about picking the timing and the price of the right answer.  This was our other list. So I think they called it the... the Bayesian Updainers, what I'm talking about. Okay.  Uh, but I don't like that name, but, um, It'll know what I'm talking about, though. Um, okay. For the purposes of our application, I would probably use, like, colloquial terms, like, the strategist, the whale, the whatever, like, things that people know, but...  What was the one that I didn't like? A category specialist? Yeah, domain specialist, right?  Let me see that list one more time, the other one. I think there's one other that I wanted. Oh, the market maker.  Yeah, we want to label Markhamakers. Okay. Um...  Wow, Nvidia is 2% from a $5 trillion market cap. Well... Oh, they're building an autonomous car with Uber.  That's cool. Uh, I'm gonna set this to load in. Um...  All right, we basically got this. Um... I'm gonna start thinking about the other, the other thing.  So you're wanting to come up with a single score? Oh, your business. Sorry.  I didn't do that. I'm just, I'm on another window. I'm letting in the, uh, 65,000 wallets so it can be ripping in the background.  Um, well, it's, this is the 65K wallet's with 10 or more trades and 10K part. Okay. Um, do, do...  Updated list, what were you saying? Um. Um, one sec.  You want to come up with a single score? What is your desired outcome here? Like, with this, again?  With the call? Um, okay, I want to make a formula for grade. How do we grade the 20 people on the yes and the 20 people on the know?  Assuming we have the full history, because we do, of all of those wallets. Yeah. How would you, if you have 20 people on one side, 20 people on the other side, and there's constantly updates, because it's the top 20, well, it's, how would you make a formula that shows the slider?  that says where the smart money is? So, the media easy one is to say that, like, some wallets are more ripe than they're wrong. So whoever has the more right versus wrong ratios. is... is good.  Um, there we go. So, like, smart money signal. What do we want?  Oh, sorry, I clicked. Go back. What do we want this to look like?  Where the smart money favors something? Yeah, let's talk to this. So, wind rate is different than omega ratio.  Win rate means you bet on a 100 things, and you were profitable on 90 +% of them, let's pretend. Yeah. Omega ratio takes your returns into account.  So it's saying not only did you win a good amount, but maybe you even don't, maybe you only win 52% of the time, but you make a lot more than you lose. Right. Right?  And then there's ROI. Right. In omega ratio, how that would work in reality would be, they're not only pretty good at winning versus losing, but they're decently good at timing when to place the bets.  Yes. Right? Yeah.  And then ROI would just be, I don't like ROI, because you can have, you could have lucky traders who have gotten massive gains, luckily, but they aren't a very strong, like, quality signal. know what I mean? Yes. What else are we missing?  Whoa. Was that fast? Oh, pretty fast.  Wait. Hold on. That can't be right. 65,000 wallets and 31 seconds.  Ice. I'll think about that in a sec. Okay, so we're looking at 2 things.  One is the formula for how we, um, this is what we were looking at before. Formula for how we calculate the 20 and the 20. Yeah.  And then other than that, if we're going who to follow and whale watch and all this stuff, That all so both of them take into account how we how we grade each wallet, right? Because we're gonna make a grading. Yeah.  So there's a few different things here. One is to, if you wanted to just, like, crank this out, we'd need a formula for the, how to score the wallet's history on one side and the other side and then compare. Yeah, to, if we want more than that, we can think about this.  I think the, the, like, the wallet labels are a useful thing. Yeah. Or strategies or wallet analysis for many other things, but regarding the interface component that you're showing me there, I think we should keep that pretty simple, too.  I think it should be either, like, win rate or omega ratio or Something, just one, just one formula. Yes. I agreed.  But you didn't like waiting, which I think for the right reason. He didn't like a waiting strategy. So we need to go by one thing.  We could just go by, are they right? Like, do they, do they, whatever they buy, do they buy and write? Um, yeah.  And how often? Or, let's talk through that. So that was what I, that's what I would consider a win rate, um, metric.  But like, yeah, but that doesn't take into account how much they're, you know, how much they're risking or how much they're winning. It might be bad at timing, but they're right. Yeah.  Um, and what's gonna happen is as you get closer to resolution, you're gonna have more and more big wallets that are just are being a few percentage points. And it's gonna become massively dislocated. Um, If you go with the omega ratio, you're saying they're not necessarily right more than they're wrong.  They just make more than they lose by a lot. Which sounds good when you go, I'm gonna copy trade these people. right? But I don't know if that's perfect for seeing where the money is.  The smart money. Like I kind of want to see the people that are consistently right 12 hours before. And because if we're betting 12 hours before, the people that picked the right answer 12 hours before consistently.  But that doesn't feel flexible enough. Yep. Yeah, that way.  This way. Um. But there, this is what, this is more along the, what I expected, 5 to 8 hours. yeah Okay.  Let's think of that a little more. So we're, we're, okay, there's, there's a, there's an event. We're 12 hours before resolution.  Mm-hmm. There's 20 wallets on each side. If it told us that more wallets on the yes were right more often, you would want to bet, yes.  Yeah. But how? How much more often, you know?  Well, not only how much more often, but also like um... And is it okay to do an average score of all of the, of all of the yes's and the no's, or are you just looking for like a 100% guy who's right all the time and it's on one side and so you've then copy trade them? I think these are all different strategies, though.  Yeah, no, that's what's tough about it. So if I was just building it into an application for, like, to generally educate people as to, like, um, what side they should be on, I would want to take... I would have been, I would want to be on the side of the people that were more right.  Basically. And if I could add, like, a layer to that, I would want to be on the side that the people that are right, that have also made a lot more than they've lost. Right?  So that's omega and win rate? Do they need to do we need? I don't really want 2 separate things.  Like, I want that in the database, but just for the purpose of this slider, I just want the one, the one thing, you know? Yeah. Um, look, this is way more complicated.  Let me just do one thing. I already just ask GPT. Sorry. 